---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - FOSS Infividuals and Project
---

<!-- 
what are your thoughts origins of free/open source and the people who worked and still work in free/open source
comment on the progress your group made this week: did you pick your project yet? did you narrow down the list of candidates?
-->

### Thoughts on Origins of Open Source

Linus Torvalds, who created linux and git version control system, is very expressive in his hate and frustration at code. Larry Wall, developer of the perl interpreter, match tool, and rn, has "virtues" of a good programmer are laziness, impatience, and hubris. I wonder if higher intelligence corrolates with lower levels of patience and compassion. Jimmy Wales, cofounder of wikipedia, believes that AI is a mess, but can become very powerful to the point of superhuman abilities. It is very interesting to see outside of their FOSS and CS accomplishments, what kind of people they are, or what other interests or beliefs they have. Tim Berners‐Lee, inventor of world wide web cofounded and is president of the open data institute and aims to give users more control over their personal data. I was happy to see Hong Phuc Dang on the list, as an asian representation of spreading the open source movement.
<!--more-->
Their contributions go beyond code, offering insights in the cross between tech and humanity. I would like to understand their broader perspectives more and how it can improve my own approach to software development and community building.

### Group Progress 

Our team has been bouncing back and forth between Pandas, a python data analysis library, and Danswer, an ai powered search engine for specific team knowledge. Pandas is a big and more structured project, with many issues, and a decent amount of good first issues. This makes Pandas look like a better starting point to contribute to open source, and learning the conventions for good coding and naming conventions. Danswer is smaller and is less structured, but it also gives the opportunity to have more meaningful contributions. For both projects, I don't have a lot of domain knowledge on python packages/data analysis, or for ai and chatgpt like projects. In my eyes Danswer sounds cooler and more interesting, but also looks like a bigger learning curve. Overall, as a group, I think Pandas is the more likely candidate, but we will meet back next week and finalize our project setup so we can start contributing. 

