---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - The Bazaar and Group Progress
---

<!-- Reflect on our discussion about the lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar. Was your choice of favorite lesson afected by the discussion and opinions voiced by other students in the class? -->

### The Cathedral and the Bazaar
My initial choice of quote was: "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong." This resonated with me because many times when I'm trying to solve a bug, it ends up being that my understanding of the problem was wrong and I needed to shift my perspective. After our discussion, I liked "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)" more, and had a better understanding of what it meant. Our class focused on the reuse portion of the quote, talking about how it's best to write code that is versatile and can do many things. Another fun takeaway I had was the benefits and shortcommings of refactering code. Ahmet talked about this book he read and how he ended up constantly rewriting every function and spent forever making it "clean code."
<!--more-->

<!-- Also reflect on your group's progress. What are some challenges that you (as a group) need to overcome? What are some challenges that you (as an individual) need to overcome? -->
### Pandas Progress
We made a lot of progress (finally), where we found a good docs issue and all sat down and fixed a lot of it. We have another lead for code contributions, narwhals. One of the core maintainers maintains the project and said we could help. I made four PR's and created an issue. I am happy with the work our group made this week, and we will keep it up, looking to tackle code contributions again (with hopefully more success). I think we have a good idea of what we need to do next, so hopefully things will run smoother from here on out!

