---
layout: post
title: Week 15 - Reflecting
---

<!-- Make your blog post. Reflect on the presentations from this week and your group's progress. -->

### Reflections on Presentations + Group Progress
I enjoyed listening to everyone's presentations, seeing people's contributions, the issues they had, and overall thoughts. I did feel a bit sad that I was only able to get documentation PR's merged, while other groups were able to show what they've done visually. Listening to other group presentations gave me motivation to go back to a code issue I was looking at earlier. On a second glance, it didn't look as difficult and complicated as I initially saw it as. I made my commits, and am currently waiting on a reviewer to give me feedback. I wish I tried harder to contribute to more code issues. I think I was worried about my contributions, because in the beginning I would pour hours just to not get anywhere, and not be able to show progress. I do plan on continuing to work on Pandas until all my PR's get merged, and then move on after.

<!--more-->

I was really impressed with some of the projects, like Godot, where all the members were very passionate about games and had a really fun presentation. I want to find something I am passionate about, and I think I would be able to be more patient when working on frustrating problems. 

The group that did an entire Japanese translation, the spicify group where you could see the visual results, were all very motivating. I think, if I was able to see the presentations earlier, it would have pushed me to try working on harder issues. This past week, I opened up a few more issues, helped issue triaging, and made another PR.
