---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Tidepool and Group Progress
---

<!-- Reflect on the presentation by Christopher Snider. How does the use of open source by Tidepool compare to the user of open source by enterprise. Also reflect on your group's progress. What are some challenges that you (as a group) need to overcome? What are some challenges that you (as an individual) need to overcome? -->

### Christopher Snider Presentation
I enjoyed Chris' presentation on his work at tidepool, and their mission to make diabetes insulin treatment and monitoring transparent and readily available. I admired the team's passion and how they are working towards something they care about. He said the tidepool members all have personal attachment to tidepool's mission, whether or not they have diabetes themselves, or someone they know. I would like to find something I care about a bunch to work towards as well. 
<!--more-->
I remember him specifying how valued transparancy is, down to the project plans and discussions. He also emphasized that the FDA is not their enemy, and they are there to ensure they follow the law.


### Pandas Progress

As a group, we are having trouble getting past doc contributions. We had a potential issue to work on, given by one of the main contributers, but then after further questioning, we got a response saying they don't have the time and energy to spend teaching us, so if we don't know how to do it ourselves, then we can't contribute. When asked for issues we could work on that core contributers won't want to do, but instead we were given harder ones.

And for me, even a simple doc contribution has a lot of issues to work out. One issue I'm having is that, after I accidentally made a pr from my main brach, every pr I make after in a separate branch has my commits from my first pr. It ends up being so frustrating that I end up doing other work. I need to set up time blocks and harder deadlines to make better progress.

