---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Social Good
---

<!-- Comment on the videos you watched and the class discussion about them from this week. Were you surprised by anything you learned? What role, do you think, you could play as a computer scientist to address some of the issues mentioned in the discussion and videos?

Comment on your small contributions: how are things going, what types of contributions were you able to make? what are the biggest challenges? which contribution are you most proud of? -->

### Open Source Videos


I was intrigued by the expansive reach of open-source initiatives, extending far beyond just coding. The concept of freely accessible information for the betterment of society challenges the typical capitalist narrative. Watching the video on agriculture, I was suprised by the youthful involvement in raspberry pie farming robot and box; while it seems impractical on a large scale, it's an inspiring concept that I believe can be developed further. Similarly, the video on insulin devices shed light on the blind trust we often place in algorithmic systems, prompting reflection on the integrity of various aspects of life. Addressing the issues highlighted in these videos demands collective effort, but as a computer scientist, I believe I can contribute through small actions and raising awareness.


<!--more-->


### My Contributions

My recent contributions span a variety of platforms, from assisting fellow students with their blogs and class materials to engaging with Free Code Camp and Wikipedia edits. Of all my efforts, I take particular pride in my contribution to Free Code Camp, where I followed the environment setup process and subsequently submitted a pull request for an issue designated for first-time contributors. However, navigating through uncertainties, such as adhering to coding conventions and fear of making mistakes, remains a challenge. Despite this, each contribution represents a step towards greater involvement and impact.





