---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Project Reflection
---

<!-- comment about your group work on the browser extension, did you learn anything about yourself and how you are able to work with others?
describe your own contributions to your team's efforts of building your browser extension
comment on new things you learned (tools, features of tools that you were not familiar with, etc) or learned about yourself (skills you realized you have, team work preferences and style, etc.)
comment on other teams presentations and their projects, did you have any favorites? -->

### Group Work Insights

During our collaborative efforts on the browser extension, I gained valuable insights into navigating teamwork within a shared repository. One notable challenge was coordinating simultaneous work on the same files or addressing bugs, highlighting the complexities of concurrent collaboration.I found that our meetups in person were super helpful to get everyone on the same page. 


<!--more-->


### Contributions and Lessons

I learned how simple it is to create an extension that can be used by many people. 

My main contribution was the CSS and HTML components of the extension's popup interface, followed by tasks involving cleanup and bug resolution towards the project's completion. 

I can see how it is easier to divide labor based on functionality. Because I was also trying to research different ways to find and replace text, and ended up spending a lot of time researching that didn't contribute to the code. Either way I still learned from the research, but can see how it is difficult to have different people working on a singular problem at the same time. A lot of communication is involved.

I also learned that I could create a license for my own images and drawings too. That the code license did not have to be the same as the image license.


### Reflective Observations

Among the standout presentations, TikTock's attention to detail and design stood out, from the license of sound and images they used, to the actual deployment of their extension on the Mozilla Marketplace. 

Having seen everyone's projects, I am more excited to work harder on my next project and to pick something I would actually want to use.

For example, I recently came up with a browser extension idea that automatically rejected all cookies except necessary ones. Because it is a hassle to do it manually every time I open up a web page, but would be beneficial to not just accept all cookies.

